what's going on guys my name is various
and today we're going to be going over
another dlc wonder weapon idea not a
perk idea but a wonder weapon idea we
kind of switch off to every other after
another so we'll go perk idea then
wonder weapon instead of doing them
right after each other so the gun we're
going to be talking about today is
called the fry gun and it is by Matthew
Kyle go check out his channel link in
the description along with an annotation
on screen I'm going to start putting an
annotation on screen because I feel like
most people won't actually look in the
description so all you have to do is
click on the screen and it'll go right
to his channel pretty cool person
they're definitely go check out his
channel so it's a buildable it's called
the fry gun it's a buildable weapon what
you need to build it is the items needed
for it is an air horn a battery a French
fryer and some grease I don't know how
you'd be able to pick up some grease
maybe it's a mega jar or something but
you need grease and it's also available
from the box it's similar to the winters
howl except instead of freezing them it
fries them hence the name fry gun so it
will fry them and pack a punched it is
called the fat maker and what it doesn't
deep-fries them until they explode and
takes out more zombies than if it wasn't
pack a punched and making them explode
so it would go forth so on which would
make it a chain-reaction weapon kind of
like the slika fire or the wonder waffle
one of those chain reaction weapons and
it also has a three round clip regular
when not pack a punched it has a three
round clip and when it is upgraded it
has a nine round clip so when it's
upgraded its called the fat maker and it
makes it stronger it makes it a
chain-reaction weapon and it changes
from a three round clip for up to a 9
round clip weapon so let me know what
you guys think about this gun remember
to go check out Matthew Kyle's channel
annotation on the screen like i said
before definitely go check them out and
if you have an idea for a
wonder weapon idea make sure to leave it
down in the comments below if you guys
want to leave what perk idea we'd that
on a perk video because I just usually
go to the latest video and take the take
the ideas I don't go to any other videos
I take them on the latest video so if
you had a idea that did not make it in
another video remember to leave that
down again and I'll probably use it make
sure to put a lot of description into
though don't just say like peace maker
costs five thousand dollars off the wall
I don't want that i want like a real
thing i need like a description on it so
i can actually make the videos so
remember to leave that also down in the
comments below if you guys did enjoy
remember to leave a like and subscribe
if you haven't already and also i'm
going to be doing some black ops 1
zombies which is going to be pretty fun
we're going to be doing some more
challenges black ops 1 zombies
challenges it's going to be coming to my
channel we're going to be extending on
the zombie nation pretty much so we're
going to have a lot more zombie videos
instead of just black ops 2 probably
some call of duty black ops 1 i'm not
going to do any of the other games
because i don't find them that
interesting but i don't know other
people might so I'm pretty much just
going to be sticking with call of duty
zombies so remember to subscribe for
that we would like if you didn't enjoy
and if you want me to do some challenges
on other call of duty games I don't have
world at war so i also i have it for
custom zombies only on the pc but i'm
not going to play like for up tour
something on it I don't feel like that
is something I would like to do if I
have to I'll just do it on black ops 1
because I have the resurrection map pack
but anyway thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys later